TODO:
TEST - Also in enchant and repair make item deselected when Enchanting or repairing.
TEST - Enchant and possibly Repair does not work for new equipment slots.


NEED TEST - MAJOR FIX NEEDED: Craft Items can be duped swapping inventory slots.

NEEDS TEST - Items in the Enchant that are not weapons or armor can be duped.
TEST - You can swap a potion with a armor/weapon item, and they move into the shortcut slots.

DONE - Sometimes the player when using auto-pathing wanders right off the screen.

FIXED -Dropping Items jams the player when using direction keys and prob gamepad.
DONE - Targeting NPC when nothing targetted looks for a near Mob, when it should just select the npc.


COMPLETED:

I think ok - Check messaging between clients.
Not sure - Add auction price notify change in client.
DONE - Smooth out key moves between clients.
OK - Reduce size of dropped itemloot.
done - Fix skills to scale with screen.
done - Combat bar does not re-scale green bar width.
done - Chatlog is hard to read on gamescale 2.
done - Add username. not playername to store donations.
test - Bubbles need adjustment.
done - Tested stats change.
Working - app.js:403 - Width and Height not clamping mouse properly.

TODO:
FIXED - Get equipment working so can equip/unequip etc.
  NOTE-dragging to equipment does nothing otherwise working.
  NOTE-Also bug in swapping items which has been fixed.

FIXED - Character isnt in center of the screen.

FIXED - Shortcuts key assignments and display in screen.

Add Fatigue system to game to make use of energybar.

Low priority - Entity sprite can go underneath some sprites and ordering is not preserved.

IMPORTANT:

FIXED - Spawning from TOwn to forest with keys does not work, needs to be implemented.
FIXED - No gold is being added from Server.

FIXED - Fix speech bubble alignment in renderer.
  - Needs more test.

Fixed in client needs rollout - Creating new character the default select Char is loading, not new char.

Needs test - 4k Compatible display.

Complete - WASD Keys for movement.
  - Already done.

FIXED - Fix Avatar Preview in HUD and in Looks Dialog. (Scale=2).

TODO - Add attack and Target buttons for joystick mode.
